ADT – Polynomials
          Group 3: Raj Shah, Trevor McSweeney, Gearoid Cremin, Ian Lodovica 

SPECIFICATIONS
createPolynomial(polynomial a, size, data): create a new polynomial when given the coefficients as well as the size of the input array. Uses dynamic arrays.
Precondition: polynomial must be empty, data is valid and the size matches the size of the data inputted.
Postcondition: if resources are available, the created polynomial is returned with the size and coefficient specified.
 
deletePolynomial(polynomial): deletes a polynomial.
Precondition: polynomial must have been previously allocated memory by malloc().
Postcondition: frees the memory that was allocated to the polynomial, effectively deleting the polynomial.
 
add(polynomial a, polynomial b, polynomial out): adds the two polynomials and the sum is stored in the polynomial out.
Precondition: polynomials a and b must be valid polynomials.
Postcondition: the sum of the two polynomials is sent to polynomial out.
 
subtract(polynomial a, polynomial b, polynomial out):  subtracts two polynomials and stores the difference in polynomial out.
Precondtion: polynomials a and b must be valid polynomials.
Postcondition:  the difference of the two polynomials is sent to polynomial out.
 
multiply(polynomial a, coefficient,  polynomial out): multiplies the polynomial by the coefficient stores the result in polynomial out.
Precondition: polynomial a must be a valid polynomial, coefficient is a double.
Postcondition: the polynomial is multiplied by the coefficient and the resultant polynomial is sent to polynomial out.
 


divide(polynomial a, coefficient,  polynomial out): divides the polynomial by the coefficient stores the result in polynomial out.
Precondition: polynomial a must be a valid polynomial, coefficient is a double and not a zero.
Postcondition: the polynomial is divided by the coefficient and the resultant polynomial is sent to polynomial out.

normalise(polynomial a, polynomial out): normalises polynomial a by finding the highest order with a coefficient and dividing the polynomial with it.
Preconditions: polynomial a must be a valid polynomial.
Postcondition: the polynomial will be divided by the normalising coefficient and the resultant polynomial is sent to polynomial out.
 
getOrder(polynomial, order): finds the order of the polynomial by accessing the data structure for a polynomial.
Precondition: the polynomial is valid.
Postcondition: sends the order of the polynomial to var order.
 
printPolynomial(polynomial): prints the polynomial in descending order.
Precondition: the polynomial is valid.
Postcondition: prints out the polynomial skipping a line once finished.
 
Function Prototypes
Creating/deleting polynomials.
pError createPolynomial(int size, double coeff[])
pError deletePolynomial(polynomial *a)
 
Printing polynomials.
pError printPolynomial(polynomial *a)
 
Arithmetic operations.
pError add(polynomial *a, polynomial *b, polynomial *out)
pError subtract(polynomial *a, polynomial *b, polynomial *out)
pError multiply(polynomial *a, double double_coeff, polynomial *out)
pError divide(polynomial *a, double double_coeff, polynomial *out)
pError normalise(polynomial *a, polynomial *out)
pError getOrder(polynomial *a, int *order)

